- [Instructor] The tools provided by JBoss
allow us to integrate Eclipse with WildFly,
which is very helpful when building Java EE applications.
Let's set up and configure our WildFly server in Eclipse.
To do that, all we need to do is click on the servers tab
and then click on the link to create a new server.
That's going to open a dialogue that will allow you
to select various servers that integrate with Eclipse.
In our case we would like WildFly 17,
so let's select that option and hit next.
And then on this next dialogue
we're just going to leave everything
as the default settings.
So we can hit next and proceed.
And then on the JBoss runtime dialogue
we need to point to our WildFly installation,
so that it can be integrated within Eclipse.
So just go ahead, click on browse.
And within this dialogue
you'll need to navigate to wherever you installed WildFly.
In my case I installed it on the desktop
in the server directory.
And here we see the installation directory for WildFly.
So once you've found it, just go ahead, hit select folder.
And then we can proceed to the next option.
You'll notice it's asking us to configure a JRE.
Now, currently it's set to Java 8.
I'm going to be using JDK 11,
so I'm going to select an alternate JRE.
Once you've selected your JRE you can proceed to
configure this configuration file.
And you'll see standalone.xml there.
And what this is, it's an XML file
that determines the WildFly server's configuration
and what different sub systems are active within it.
The standalone.xml file does not contain
all of the features within WildFly,
so we're going to switch that up.
So just click on browse.
And then within the WildFly installation directory,
you're going to see the standalone directory,
so click on that.
And then you'll see configuration.
Once you navigate into the configuration directory
you'll see various configuration options here for WildFly.
In our case we're going to use
the standalone dash full option, so select it and hit open.
And then we won't need to,
but let's proceed to the next dialogue.
Here you could add a
existing application to the WildFly server.
We don't have an application yet,
so we're just going to click on finish.
Once we've done that you'll see that the WildFly server
is placed within the servers tab.
And we can go ahead and start the server.
Okay, so the server did start.
You'll notice that we do get a bit of a stack trace here.
Definitely look this up.
Don't worry about it.
It's not going to impact our course.
But you can see that the WildFly server
has successfully started.
And we can now use it throughout the course
to build out our Java EE applications.